The feature I decided to work on was the ability for people to make copies of existing Impact Portfolios for their personal use, which is something I noticed the website didn't have. I thought this might be particularly useful for people who enjoy the ease of donating to previously crafted Impact Portfolios, but are not 100% satisfied with them. Ideally, with this feature, they could clone a portfolio that aligns with their values to add to their own portfolios, and then adjust weights or add/remove non-profits to make their perfect portfolio. 

To see this functionality, click on the 'Create Portfolio' button on the front page. On the next page, click on the new button 'Copy Existing Impact Portfolio'. This leads to a new form that uses data fetching to provide the names of Impact Portfolios as selection options. Then select a portfolio of choice and press 'Copy Portfolio'. Though I did not have time to actually implement the copying of the portfolio, this button would use the previously submitted name and the impact portfolio's data to create a new portfolio and add it to the server database. 

I also edited a bit of tutorial code in order to implement a search function so non-profits can look through past history of who donated and how much they donated. This could be useful in gathering user data to help them understand their demographic better.  

This project was my first time working with a full-tech stack, so I spent a lot of time just learning about how to navigate the stack and understanding the syntax of the languages. Though I wasn't able to make the most advanced contraption, I definitely learned a lot and hope to continue learning more about web dev!
